.gitignore
bitbucket-pipelines.yml
force-app/main/default/applications/NVOM_Compliance_Tracker.app-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/BaseClass.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/BaseClass.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/BaseClassTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/BaseClassTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARBatchEmailService.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARBatchEmailService.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARCreationBatch.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARCreationBatch.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARCreationScheduler.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARCreationScheduler.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARCreationTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARCreationTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARNotificationBatch.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARNotificationBatch.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverDueBatchEmailService.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverDueBatchEmailService.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverdueBatchTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverdueBatchTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverdueNotificationScheduler.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverdueNotificationScheduler.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverdueTaskCreation.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverdueTaskCreation.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverdueTaskCreationTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverdueTaskCreationTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverdueTaskScheduler.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceAROverdueTaskScheduler.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARRemindBatchEmailService.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceARRemindBatchEmailService.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceDocumentController.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceDocumentController.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceHelper.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceHelper.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMntOverdueBatchEmailService.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMntOverdueBatchEmailService.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMonitoringCreationBatch.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMonitoringCreationBatch.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMonitoringCreationBatchTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMonitoringCreationBatchTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMonitoringCreationScheduler.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMonitoringCreationScheduler.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMonitoringOverdueBatchTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMonitoringOverdueBatchTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMonitoringOverdueScheduler.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceMonitoringOverdueScheduler.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceTriggerHandler.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceTriggerHandler.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceTriggerHandlerTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceTriggerHandlerTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceTriggerHelper.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/ComplianceTriggerHelper.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/EmailMessageTriggerHandler.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/EmailMessageTriggerHandler.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/FileUtil.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/FileUtil.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/LOAgreementHelper.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/LOAgreementHelper.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/LOAgreementTriggerHandler.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/LOAgreementTriggerHandler.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/LOAgreementTriggerHandlerTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/LOAgreementTriggerHandlerTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/LOAgreementTriggerHelper.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/LOAgreementTriggerHelper.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/LogUtilityException.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/LogUtilityException.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/LogUtilityExceptionTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/LogUtilityExceptionTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/NVConstants.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/NVConstants.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/OAuthUtilitiesTestSetup.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/OAuthUtilitiesTestSetup.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/SharePointHelperTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/SharePointHelperTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/TestFactory.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/TestFactory.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/TriggerHandler.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/TriggerHandler.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/TriggerHandlerTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/TriggerHandlerTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/UtilityClass.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/UtilityClass.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/classes/dlrs_ComplianceTest.cls
force-app/main/default/classes/dlrs_ComplianceTest.cls-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/Annual_report_template.document-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/Annual_report_template.docx
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/Email_Header.document-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/Email_Header.png
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/Footer.document-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/Footer.png
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/InfoSheet_18_Annual_Reporting.document-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/InfoSheet_18_Annual_Reporting.pdf
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/InfoSheet_19_Photopoint_Monitoring.document-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/InfoSheet_19_Photopoint_Monitoring.pdf
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/Obligations_of_the_Landowner_form.document-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/documents/SharedDocuments/Obligations_of_the_Landowner_form.docx
force-app/main/default/email/APXTConga4__Conga_Email_Staging_Templates/APXTConga4__Conga_Email_Staging_Template.email
force-app/main/default/email/APXTConga4__Conga_Email_Staging_Templates/APXTConga4__Conga_Email_Staging_Template.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates.emailFolder-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Freeze_Site.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Freeze_Site.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Overdue_Notice_1.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Overdue_Notice_1.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Overdue_Notice_2.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Overdue_Notice_2.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Overdue_Notice_2_No_email.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Overdue_Notice_2_No_email.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Overdue_Notice_No_email.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Overdue_Notice_No_email.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Unfreeze_Site.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_AR_Unfreeze_Site.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_Compliance_Notice.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_Compliance_Notice.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_Compliance_Notice_Issue_Rectified.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_Compliance_Notice_Issue_Rectified.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_Monitoring_Task_Overdue_Notice_1.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_Monitoring_Task_Overdue_Notice_1.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_Monitoring_Task_Overdue_Notice_1_No_email.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NVOM_Monitoring_Task_Overdue_Notice_1_No_email.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NV_AR_Reminder_Notice_when_no_email_address.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NV_AR_Reminder_Notice_when_no_email_address.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NV_AR_Submission_Notice.email
force-app/main/default/email/Native_Vegetation_Templates/NV_AR_Submission_Notice.email-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Account_Record_Page.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Account_Record_Page1.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Case_Record_Page.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Compliance_Record_Page.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Contact_Record_Page.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Contact_Record_Page1.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Home_Page_Default.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Landowner_Agreement_Record_Page.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Lead_Generation_UtilityBar.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Lead_Record_Page.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Lead_Record_Page1.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/LightningSalesConsole_UtilityBar.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/LightningService_UtilityBar.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/NVOM_Hub_UtilityBar.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Opportunity_Record_Page.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Opportunity_Record_Page1.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Relationship_Management_UtilityBar.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Sales_Leadership_UtilityBar.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Sales_Operations_UtilityBar.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Sales_UtilityBar.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flexipages/Site_Record_Page.flexipage-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flows/Compliance_record_Create_or_Update.flow-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flows/Due_Date.flow-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flows/Landowner_Agreement_Create_Update.flow-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/flows/Tasks_Create_or_Update.flow-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/globalValueSets/Category_Issue.globalValueSet-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Account-Account Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Account-NV Account Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Campaign-Campaign Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Case-Case Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Case-NV General Enquiry Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/CaseClose-Close Case Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/CaseInteraction-Case Feed Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Compliance__c-Annual Reporting Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Compliance__c-Compliance Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Compliance__c-Monitoring Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Contact-Contact Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Contact-NV Contact Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/ContactPointAddress-Contact Point Address Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/ContentVersion-Content Version.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Event-Event Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Global-Global Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Landowner_Agreement__c-Landowner Agreement Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Log__c-Log Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Opportunity-Opportunity Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Related_Contacts__c-Related Contact Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/Task-Task Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/User-User Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/UserAlt-User Profile Layout.layout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/layouts/globalValueSets/Category_Issue.globalValueSet-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/letterhead/NV_Letter_Head.letter-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/fields/ABN__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/fields/BillingAddress.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/fields/Description.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/fields/Fax.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/fields/Name.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/fields/Phone.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/fields/ShippingAddress.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/fields/Site.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/fields/Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/fields/Website.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/webLinks/APXTConga4__Conga_Composer_OAuth.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/webLinks/APXTConga4__Conga_Mail_Merge.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Account/webLinks/Conga_Composer_Tony_Test1.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Activity/Activity.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Activity/fields/Annual_Reporting_Monitoring_Contact__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Activity/fields/Freeze_Credits__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Activity/fields/Landowner_Agreement__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Activity/fields/Notes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/Case.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/businessProcesses/NV General Enquiry.businessProcess-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/compactLayouts/NV_General_Enquiry_Layout.compactLayout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Assessment_Status__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Case_Closed__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Case_Notes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Completed_within_20_Days__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Completed_within_5_Days__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Contact_Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/DELWP_Region__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Date_Received__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Date_Responded__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Days_Completed__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Description.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Due_Date_To_Complete__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Landowner_Agreement__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Query_Category__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Query_Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Received_By__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Resolution__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Responsible_Authority__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Site_Address__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Species_Wetland_ID__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Subject.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/fields/Version_of_Regulations__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/listViews/AllOpenCases.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/listViews/All_Closed_Cases.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/listViews/All_General_Enquiry_Cases.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/listViews/MyOpenCases.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/recordTypes/NV_General_Enquiry.recordType-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/webLinks/APXTConga4__Conga_Composer_OAuth.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Case/webLinks/APXTConga4__Conga_Mail_Merge.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/Compliance__c.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/compactLayouts/NV_Compliance_Layout.compactLayout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/AR_Monitoring_Contact_Email__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/AR_Monitoring_Contact_Phone__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Annual_Reporting_Monitoring_Contact__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Annual_Reporting_Year_Integer__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Annual_Reporting_Year__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Asset_Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Auto_Extended__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Biomass_Management_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Biomass_Management_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Biomass_Management_Issue__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Biomass_Management_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Compliance_Template_Id__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Compliance_Year_Integer_for_Conga__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Compliant_Year_for_Conga__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Conga_Email_Template_Id__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Conga_Notice_File_Name_Suffix__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Conga_Template_Text__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Date_AR_Response_Sent__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Date_Autoextension_Email_Sent__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Date_Further_Information_Received__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Date_Monitoring_Response_Sent__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Date_Monitoring_Was_Done__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Date_Report_Received__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Due_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Due_Date_for_Actions_to_be_Completed__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Evaluation_Completed_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Evaluation_Days__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Evaluation_Status__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Evidence_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Evidence_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Evidence_Related_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Fencing_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Fencing_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Fencing_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Fencing_Related_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/GST__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Herbaceous_grassy_Weeds_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Herbaceous_grassy_Weeds_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Herbaceous_grassy_Weeds_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Herbaceous_grassy_Weeds_Related_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Is_Integer_Year__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Issue_Types__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Key__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Landowner_Account__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Landowner_Agreement_Signed_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Landowner_Agreement__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Landowner_Contact__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Liable_for_GST__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Monitoring_Done_By__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Monitoring_Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Monitoring_Year_Integer__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Monitoring_Year__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Next_Year_for_Templates__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/On_going_and_10year_Related_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Ongoing_Management_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Ongoing_Management_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Ongoing_Management_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Original_Due_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Other_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Other_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Other_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Other_Related_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Overarching_comment_about_deficiencies__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Overarching_comment_positive_actions__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Pest_Animals_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Pest_Animals_Issue__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Pest_Animals_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Pest_Animals_Related_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Reporting_Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Revegetation_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Revegetation_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Revegetation_Issue__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Revegetation_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Rubbish_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Rubbish_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Rubbish_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Rubbish_Related_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Scattered_Tree_Recruits_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Scattered_Tree_Recruits_Issue__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Scattered_Tree_Recruits_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Scattered_Tree_Recruits_Related_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Site_No_s__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Status__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Subtotal_for_The_Year__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Sufficient_Evidence__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Supplementary_Planting_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Supplementary_Planting_Reveg_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Supplementary_Planting_Reveg_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Supplementary_Planting_Reveg_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Total_Amount__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Unauthorised_Human_Access_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Unauthorised_access_signage_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Unauthorised_access_signage_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Unauthorised_access_signage_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Woody_Weeds_Comments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Woody_Weeds_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Woody_Weeds_Issues_Yes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/fields/Woody_Weeds__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/listViews/All.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/listViews/All_Monitoring.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/listViews/All_Monitoring_Under_Review.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/listViews/All_NVOM_Team_Monitoring_Not_Evaluated.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/listViews/Annual_Reports_Received.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/listViews/My_Annual_Reports_For_Evaluation.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/listViews/My_Monitoring_For_Evaluation.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/listViews/Unassigned_Annual_Reports.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/recordTypes/Annual_Reporting.recordType-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/recordTypes/Monitoring.recordType-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/validationRules/Compliance_Status_cannot_be_blank.validationRule-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/validationRules/Due_Date_for_Actions_Not_Blank.validationRule-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/webLinks/Conga_Composer_Generate_Notice_letter_and_Send_Email.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/webLinks/Conga_Composer_Generate_Notice_letter_and_Send_Email1.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/webLinks/Conga_Composer_Generate_Notice_letter_and_Send_Email11.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/webLinks/Conga_Composer_Generate_Notice_letter_and_Send_Email4.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/webLinks/Conga_Composer_Generate_Notice_letter_and_Send_Email5.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/webLinks/Conga_Composer_Non_Complaint.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Compliance__c/webLinks/Conga_Composer_Non_Complaint1.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/CongaTemplateId__c.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/AR_10_Year_Letter__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/AR_Complaint_Moderate_Issues_Rectified__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/AR_Compliance_No_Issues_Id__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/AR_Compliant_Minor_Issues_Id__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/AR_Not_Compliant_Major_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/AR_Not_Compliant_Moderate_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/Monitoring_Compliant_Minor_Issues_Id__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/Monitoring_Compliant_Moderate_Rectified__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/Monitoring_Compliant_No_Issues_Id__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/Monitoring_Not_Compliant_Major_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/CongaTemplateId__c/fields/Monitoring_Not_Compliant_Moderate_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/AssistantName.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/AssistantPhone.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/Description.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/Email.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/Fax.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/HomePhone.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/MailingAddress.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/MobilePhone.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/Name.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/OtherAddress.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/OtherPhone.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/Phone.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/Relationship__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/fields/Title.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/webLinks/APXTConga4__Conga_Composer_OAuth.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Contact/webLinks/APXTConga4__Conga_Mail_Merge.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/ContentVersion/fields/Document_Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/ContentVersion/fields/Field_Image_URL__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/DefaultEmailCase__c/DefaultEmailCase__c.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/DefaultEmailCase__c/fields/Habitat_Hectare_Email__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/DefaultEmailCase__c/fields/NVOM_Email__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/DefaultEmailCase__c/fields/NVOR_Email__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/DefaultEmailCase__c/fields/NV_Support_Email__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/Landowner_Agreement__c.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/compactLayouts/NV_Landowner_Agreement.compactLayout-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Address_Formula__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Address__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Agreement_Signed_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Anniversary_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Anniversary_Month_Days__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Annual_Reporting_Creation_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Annual_Reporting_Monitoring_Contact__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Biomass_Management_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/City__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Compliance_Status_Updated_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Credits_Frozen_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Credits_Frozen__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Current_Agreement_Year__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Current_Compliance_Issues__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Current_Compliance_Status__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Early_Monitoring_Year__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Evidence_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Fencing_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Herbaceous_Grassy_Weeds_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Landowner_Account__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Landowner_Agreement_Id__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Landowner_Contact__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Late_Monitoring_Year__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Liable_for_GST__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Mid_Monitoring_Year__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Notes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Number_of_Times_Monitored__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Ongoing_Management_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Other_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Overall_Area__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Pest_Animals_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Postal_Code__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Revegetation_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Rubbish_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Scattered_Tree_Recruits_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Site_Assessment_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Site_Assessor__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Site_No__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/State__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Street_Address__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Supplementary_Planting_Reveg_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Unauthorised_Access_Signage_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Unfreeze_Credit_Date__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Variation_to_MP_Summary__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Variation_to_MP__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Veg_Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Woody_Weeds_Commitments__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/fields/Zones__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/listViews/All.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/listViews/Showcase_Records.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/validationRules/Field_Validation_for_Agreement_Signed_Da.validationRule-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/validationRules/Validation_for_Variation_in_MP_Summary.validationRule-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Landowner_Agreement__c/webLinks/Conga_Composer_Generate_Landowner_Agreement_Summary.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/LogEvent__e/LogEvent__e.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/LogEvent__e/fields/CurrentUser__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/LogEvent__e/fields/Input__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/LogEvent__e/fields/JobId__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/LogEvent__e/fields/Message__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/LogEvent__e/fields/Priority__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/LogEvent__e/fields/RecordTypeId__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/LogEvent__e/fields/Stack__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/LogEvent__e/fields/Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/Log__c.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/fields/CurrentUser__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/fields/Input__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/fields/JobId__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/fields/Message__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/fields/Priority__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/fields/Stack__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/fields/Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/listViews/All.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/recordTypes/Integration.recordType-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Log__c/recordTypes/Log.recordType-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Related_Contacts__c/Related_Contacts__c.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Related_Contacts__c/fields/Account_Name__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Related_Contacts__c/fields/Contact_Name__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Related_Contacts__c/fields/Contact_Type__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Related_Contacts__c/fields/Inactive__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Related_Contacts__c/fields/Landowner_Agreement__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Related_Contacts__c/fields/Notes__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Related_Contacts__c/validationRules/Note_required_if_Other_Contact.validationRule-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Settings__c/Settings__c.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Settings__c/fields/Annual_Reporting_Overdue_Support_Emails__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Settings__c/fields/Annual_Reporting_Reminder_Support_Emails__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Settings__c/fields/Monitoring_Base_Year_1_Step__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Settings__c/fields/Monitoring_Base_Year_1__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Settings__c/fields/Monitoring_Base_Year_2_Step__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Settings__c/fields/Monitoring_Base_Year_2__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Settings__c/fields/Monitoring_Overdue_Support_Emails__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Task/Task.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Task/fields/Description.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Task/fields/Subject.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Task/listViews/All_Tasks.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Task/listViews/NVOM_Team_Task.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Task/listViews/OpenTasks.listView-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Trigger_Control__c/Trigger_Control__c.object-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Trigger_Control__c/fields/Disable_Compliance_Trigger__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/Trigger_Control__c/fields/Disable_LandOwner_Agreement_Trigger__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/User/fields/Signature_URL__c.field-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/User/webLinks/APXTConga4__Conga_Composer_OAuth.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/objects/User/webLinks/APXTConga4__Conga_Mail_Merge.webLink-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/permissionsets/NV_Offset_Management.permissionset-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/permissionsets/NV_Offset_Management_Read_Only.permissionset-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/permissionsets/SharepointOnline.permissionset-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/profiles/Admin.profile-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/profiles/NV Offset Management User.profile-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/queues/NVOM_Team.queue-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/quickActions/Case.SendEmail.quickAction-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/quickActions/Landowner_Agreement__c.View_LOA.quickAction-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/quickActions/Task.Freeze_Credits.quickAction-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reportTypes/Compliance_with_Landowner_and_Contact.reportType-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/APXTConga4__CongaSP_Composer_Starter_Pack_Reports.reportFolder-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/APXTConga4__CongaSP_Composer_Starter_Pack_Reports/APXTConga4__CongaSP_AccountBrief_Activities.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/APXTConga4__CongaSP_Composer_Starter_Pack_Reports/APXTConga4__CongaSP_AccountBrief_Cases.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/APXTConga4__CongaSP_Composer_Starter_Pack_Reports/APXTConga4__CongaSP_AccountBrief_Contacts.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/APXTConga4__CongaSP_Composer_Starter_Pack_Reports/APXTConga4__CongaSP_AccountBrief_Opptys.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/NVReports.reportFolder-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/NVReports/Annual_Report_Due_Vjx.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/NVReports/Annual_Report_Not_Completed_yTF.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/NVReports/Closed_Cases_report_lA6.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/NVReports/Landowner_Agreement_Summary_Z9E.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/NVReports/Monthly_NV_Cases_Approved_cGG.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/NVReports/Monthly_NV_Enquiries_per_ServiceCategory_qUq.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/NVReports/Open_Cases_3sc.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/NVReports/Upcoming_Monitoring_and_Overdue_Report_W5j.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/Service_Dashboards_Reports/ExtraReports.reportFolder-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/Service_Dashboards_Reports/ExtraReports/Bounced_Email_UVo.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/Service_Dashboards_Reports/ExtraReports/Cases_Currently_Open_by_Landowner_Hpl.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/Service_Dashboards_Reports/ExtraReports/Cases_past_Due_Date_fcU.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/Service_Dashboards_Reports/ExtraReports/NVAverage_Case_Resolution_Time_woj.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS.reportFolder-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS/Annual_Reports_Due_in_Next_2_Months_FDN.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS/Annual_Reports_Submission_Overdue_H3f.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS/Monthly_NV_Cases_per_Service_Category_c3g.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS/NV_Yearly_Stats_Count_Only_v1_JO3.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS/TEST_NV_Yearly_Stats_Count_Only_SfY.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS/TEST_NV_Yearly_Stats_h2T.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS/TEST_NV_Yearly_Stats_with_Percentage_ZBJ.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS/Upcoming_Monitoring_Sites_Next_30_Days_3GW.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS/Upcoming_and_Overdue_Monitoring_Report_1_2MT.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/reports/TESTNVREPORTS/Upcoming_and_Overdue_Monitoring_Report_2_yh8.report-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/standardValueSets/CaseOrigin.standardValueSet-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/standardValueSets/CaseStatus.standardValueSet-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/standardValueSets/CaseType.standardValueSet-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/tabs/Compliance__c.tab-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/tabs/Landowner_Agreement__c.tab-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/tabs/Log__c.tab-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/triggers/ComplianceTrigger.trigger
force-app/main/default/triggers/ComplianceTrigger.trigger-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/triggers/LOAgreementTrigger.trigger
force-app/main/default/triggers/LOAgreementTrigger.trigger-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/triggers/LogEventTrigger.trigger
force-app/main/default/triggers/LogEventTrigger.trigger-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/triggers/dlrs_ComplianceTrigger.trigger
force-app/main/default/triggers/dlrs_ComplianceTrigger.trigger-meta.xml
force-app/main/default/workflows/Landowner_Agreement__c.workflow-meta.xml
script/diff.sed
sfdx-project.json
